GOALS AND PURPOSE

Upon learning of the freedom of subject matter this project offers, my mind immediately went to the
roman emperors. I chose this subject for numerous reasons, my interest in ancient histoy, previous
use as the subject of project some weeks ago, and the object-oriented nature of human profiles.

Within the scope of this project, I hoped to create a spiritual successor to the prvious project.
That is to say, I wanted to create a program that would allow for the veiwing, categorizing and 
filtering of a number of roman emperors. 

To accomplish this, it was my plan to create a central, scrollable area area that contained
a series of cards embossed with pictures, attributes, and a short discription of a list
of emperors. Furthore more, this page would include a filter bar that could accept a number
of inputs such as dynasty, name, and minimum years reigned. These inputs would then be processed
and provide search results based upon the provided values.

APPLICATION USE

Within the page, there are two important areas of interactivity. The first is the filter bar, 
which is located directly beneath the header. This bar contains the various filters that can be 
applied to the list of emperors. To provide a quick breakdown of the input types, I discuss the 
filters from left to right. 

The first filter is the 'Dynasty' filter. This is a simple drop down box that displays the various
dynasties to which the emperors belong.

The second is the 'Start After' filter. This filter is a text input filter that accepts a year 
from which acts as a lower bound for the beginning of the imperial reigns. 

Please note that both the 'Starts After' and 'Starts Before' filters work in conjunction with the n
eighboring BC/AD filters. While having been necessitated only by the Emperor Augustus, whose reign 
began before the coming of Christ, 

Additionally, note that only positive numbers will be accepted. Should you input any non-numeric 
characters or any negative numbers, an alert should pop up asking you to input an acceptable value.
As I write this, it occurs to me that I forgot to float proof the input, so decimals are fair game.

The third filter is the 'Start Before' filter. This filter is constructed the same and has the same
restrictions as the 'Starts After'. The only difference is, of course, that 'Starts Before' accepts
a year to act as an upper bound for the beginning of imperial reigns. 

The fourth filter is the 'Minimum Years Reigned' filter. This is a text input filter that accepts
a number by which to compare the total ruling years of the emperors to. Note this filter is 
susceptible to the same restrictions as the previous two filters. 

The final filter is the 'Name' filter. This filter accepts a string which is then checked against
the names of the emperors. If i have programmed this project correctly, you should only ever 
receive one hit after searching. It should also be understood that this field is case sensitive. 
The value 'augustus' will not return the entry for the emperor as the 'a' is not capitalized. 
Furthermore, should a string be entered that is not equal to any name, no card will be provided.

To the right of the filters, you can find the 'Search' button. Press this when you have filled
all desired filter inputs.

The second of the important areas that i mentioned earlier, is the emperor card it self. Towards
the end of the cards, beneath the line, there are the first words of a larger discriptive 
paragraph. Upon hovering over the text, a white shadow will appear. This is the first of the events
created using javascript and jQuery. Clicking on the highlighted text, will reveal the entirity of
the paragraph. Please note that these breifs have been directly sourced from the emperors' 
individual wikipedia pages. Unfortunately, I do not have the time to reaserch and write summaries
for each of the twenty emperors. If you wish to close the breif, all you need to do is click on the
paragraph. It will then shrink back down to the collapsed view.

Lastly, note the scrollbar towards the bottom of the page. This can be used to veiw to rest of the
offscreen emperors. It kind of blends into the background, so I deemed it prudent to highlight.

RUBRIC

1) Interface is Authentic, Professional, Balanced 
	
	I feel as though the layout is navigable and the color pallet acceptable

2) Interface links to functional jQuery
	
	All input fields and buttons link to functioning javascript and jQuery.

	Ex. <button onclick="filterEmperors()" class="search_option" style=" margin: 0; position: absolute; right: 5em;">Search</button>
	from

